RHDEVDOCS-4027 - 5.4.1 RNs for main. 4.11, 4.10 (#45613)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-logging-release-notes-5.2.z.adoc

[id="cluster-logging-release-notes-5-2-10"]
== OpenShift Logging 5.2.10
[role="_abstract"]
This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/[ OpenShift Logging Bug Fix Release 5.2.10]]

[id="openshift-logging-5-2-10-bug-fixes"]
=== Bug fixes

> * Before this update some log forwarder outputs did not recognize nanosecond precision and had no way to order records with matching timestamps. With this update, a sequence number has been added to the log record to help order entries that have matching timestamps.(https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2335[LOG-2335])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update some log forwarder outputs could re-order logs with the same time-stamp. With this update, a sequence number has been added to the log record to order entries that have matching timestamps.(https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2335[LOG-2335])
```
